# Hemera Engine - Core Execution

Created by **Yi Wang (hemera)**

**Hemera Engine - Core Execution** defines the core project that provides the
fundamental execution layer for the runtime environment. It provides high
concurrency capabilities to allow application logic fully utilize the multi-
core underlying hardware.

# Documentation
There are two types of execution services provided by the project. The
ScalableService and the AssistedService. ScalableService allows the number
of execution threads to grow as demand increases. Assisted service uses
work-stealing design to best utilize system resources. Please see individual
interface documentations for details.

# License

**Hemera Engine - Core Execution** is available under the MIT license:

*Copyright (c) 2012 Yi Wang (hemera)*

*Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy*
*of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal*
*in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights*
*to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell*
*copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is*
*furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:*

*The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in*
*all copies or substantial portions of the Software.*

*THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR*
*IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,*
*FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE*
*AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER*
*LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,*
*OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN*
*THE SOFTWARE.*